when I'm stressed I'm running hey I'm
Brian with muckrakers what's new with me
I do have mr. Jeong Ruby I'm here to
kick your butt today it's not gonna
happen
we're here at pace magazine today we're
going to do it in sort of performance
and podcast and play a little bit of
video games be the first one through
I need to release some aggression so
alright let's hit some game tap more
video games for us alright alright
right now we're playing clayfighter as
you can see I'm playing with blue suede
goo I have this wicked hair saying that
I'm gonna do for you right now oh oh I
see
so I'm supposed to take a hit so you
show the people the audacity video games
and rock bands go hand in hand it's a
rough life
there's a rough life I'd rather be in a
cubicle right now all right now I'm
movin up on my bass polies well we still
be friends after this is all over I want
the band to break up over video games
sometimes it's happened before
wow dude how long is his late has no leg
do you really have anything to say after
this really pitiful performance let's
try not only alright let's see I'm tired
of thinking the same game now we're
playing a game called wrath since I can
remember back when I was about 13 my
brother and I used to fight throw each
other around the house drop kicks and
knee drops and that kind of stuff and
then the video game Streets of Rage we
started playing that and suddenly the
bites reduced to just the video game and
so we get along much better now when the
morning comes
I don't know what I'm killing but
whatever gets in my path are you getting
smited no no right on dishing Oh
Braun's getting bored because I'm doing
so well
well we are here in Atlanta we should
probably I guess I guess we had to play
the show